FIN 202-Corporate Finance- Individual assignment
Topic: Financial statement analysis
Requirement: Write up 1,500 words - report; Each student is assigned a listed company and do an analysis of the company financial statements.
Due date: 23:59 on Friday 27/02/2026 (Week 6), submission on EDUNEXT 

Structure:

• Part 1: Introduction (1.5 marks)
- Each student is assigned a company listed in Vietnam stock market. 
- Briefly introduce the company (position, market share, main business, important projects, competitors)

• Part 2: Financial statement analysis (7 marks)
2.1 Collect the most recent 3-5 years financial data (from 2021 to 2024) (use audited consolidated financial statement and annual report only which are listed on https://cafef.vn/, hsx.vn or hnx.vn) (1.5 marks)
2.2 Perform Common-size analysis for Balance sheet and Income Statement. Calculate, comment on trend analysis and compare with peer group or industry average. (1.5 marks)
2.3 Perform Ratios analysis. Calculate, comment on trends and compare with peer group or industry average. (1.5 marks)
2.4 Perform Dupont analysis [for the nearest year]. Calculate, comment on trends and compare with peer group or industry average. What are the main factors that drive ROE? Peer group is the average of 3 companies in the same industry (including your company). (1.5 marks)
2.5 Comment on the Statement of Cash flows [for the nearest year]. What can you conclude from the information found in this statement about the financial health of the company? (1 marks)

• Part 3: Conclusion, recommendations (1 mark)
Summarize your findings, give your perspective about the company’s future and recommend solutions to help managers identify and improve the firm’s financial health in the future. (1 marks)

• References (0.5 mark)

−  Books 
−  Websites

Information on submission:

➢ Language: Academic English and the limitation of words is 1,500 words (from introduction to conclusion).
➢ References list and in-text citation must follow Harvard referencing style.
➢ Each day late submission will lead to two grade deduction in the assignment result. The report will get zero (0) if you submit later than three days.
➢ Submission: The soft copy of the assignment includes 01 pdf file for report and 01 excel file for calculation and will be submitted to EDUNEXT.
➢ Plagiarism is not allowable. If breaking the rule, the report will be got zero.
Note:

1. Font: Times New Roman, Size: 13, Justify.
2. Paragraph: Before: 6 pt; After: 0 pt; Line spacing: Multiple; At: 1.2
3. Lưu ý đặt tên file khi gửi file mềm cho giảng viên theo quy định: [Tên họ SV].[Class]IA. FIN202.SP23
(ví dụ: TuanNH.BAxxxx.IA.FIN202.SP23)

